LOGSCAN: A Configurable Error Management Utility

Copyright 1997-2001,2008 by David C. Black. All rights reserved.

ABSTRACT:
A common problem facing most EDA tools users is how to filter through 
hundreds of lines of EDA tool output and quickly focus on the important 
information. Tools such as Synopsys Design Compiler or Quad Design Motive 
Static Timing analyzer produce messages classified as "errors", "warnings", 
or "information" in great volumes. Typically, there are simple methods to 
suppress one or more of these messages. Unfortunately, suppression often 
leads to ignoring important information. On the other hand, reading every 
line of a long report is very error prone. Some engineers choose to use 
various forms of the UNIX 'grep' utility to solve their problems; however, 
it tends to be limited to single line errors. Frequently, multi-lines of 
information are necessary to realize there is a problem and understand what 
needs fixing. Finally, some errors or lines are expected/required (e.g. 
the Thankyou message at the end of a synopsys session).

With the above framework in mind, I developed tools over the years that 
address this very issue. The remainder of the paper demonstrates a 
successful solution implemented with PERL. The script itself, 
independently developed, made available as charity-ware via the Internet
the EDA community via the HLD Wizard Web site <http://www.hldwizard.com>.

A paper with the above abstract was presented at the North America Synopsys
User's Group (SNUG) annual conference in San Jose. The paper is available
in the proceedings, on the web via SolvIt.

PAPER OUTLINE:
 1. Motivation
   a. too much output
   b. failure to check
   c. poor makefile interaction
   d. lack of context
   e. need for exception handling
 2. Example(s)
   a. errors & warnings
   b. expected & fatals
   c. overrides & ignores
 3. How it works
   a. multiple line scanning
   b. contextual output
   c. configurable error classifications
   d. exit conditions
 4. Usage
   a. manual
   b. makefiles
 5. Configuration
   a. general
   b. Synopsys specific
   c. Project specific

See INSTALLATION for notes on how to install.

LOGSCAN may be obtained as CharityWare over the web via the URL:
<http://www.hldwizard.com/logscan.tar.gz>
